Section I Use of English
Directions:
모모Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark A밃B밃C or D on ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 points)
In 1924 American National Research Council sent to engineer to supervise a series of experiments at a telephone-parts factory called the Hawthorne Plant near Chicago. It hoped they would learn how shop-floor lighting __1__ workers productivity. Instead밃the studies ended__2__ giving their name to the 몷Hawthorne effect몸 the extremely influential idea the very__3__to being experimented upon changed subjects몶 behavior.
모모The idea arose because of the__4__behavior of the women in the plant. According to __5__of the experiments, their hourly output rose when lighting was increased, but also when it was dimmed. It did not __6__what was done in the experiment; __7__something was changed productivity rose. A(n) __8__ that they were being experimented upon seemed to be __9__to alter workers' behavior __10__ itself. 
모모After several decades밃the same data were __11__to econometric analysis. The Hawthorne experiments has another surprise in store.   12  the descriptions on record밃no systematic __13__was found that levels of productivity were related to changes in lighting
모모It turns out that peculiar way of conducting the experiments may have led to __14__interpretation of what happened. __15__, lighting was always changed on a Sunday. When work started again on Monday, output __16__ rose compared with the previous Saturday and __17__ to rise for the next couple of days __18__, a comparison with data for weeks when there was no experimentation showed that output always went up on Monday. Workers __19__to be diligent for the first few days of the week in any case밃before __20__a plateau and then slackening off.  This suggests that the alleged 몷Hawthorne effect몸 is hard to pin down. 
1. A] affected    		B]achieved        		C]extracted       		D]restored
2. A]at              		B]up                 		C]with              		D]off
3. A]truth         		B]sight              		C]act                        	D]proof
4. A]controversial       	B]perplexing       		C]mischievous    		D]ambiguous
5. A]requirements       	B]explanations    		C]accounts       		D]assessments
6. A]conclude          	B]matter                  	C]indicate        		D]work
7. A]as far as    		B]for fear that    		C]in case that     		D]so long as
8. A]awareness  		B]expectation     		C]sentiment       		D]illusion
9.  A]suitable    		B]excessive       		C]enough         		D]abundant
10. A]about      		B]for                 		C]on                 		D]by
11. A]compared 		B]shown                  	C]subjected      		D]conveyed
12. A]contrary to       	B]consistent with       	C]parallel with    		D]peculiar to
13. A]evidence    		B]guidance      		C]implication           	D]source
14. A]disputable   		B]enlightening    		C]reliable          		D]misleading
15. A] In contrast        	B] For example    	C] In consequence       	D] As usual
16. A]duly         		B]accidentally     		C]unpredictably        	D]suddenly
17. A]failed       		B]ceased                  	C]started          		D]continued
20. A]breaking    		B]climbing       		C]surpassing    		D]hitting
Section  Reading Comprehension
Part A
Directions밐
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A]밃B]밃C] or D]. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1.(40 points)
2010 Text 1 
     Of all the changes that have taken place in English-language newspapers during the past quarter-century, perhaps the most far-reaching has been the inexorable decline in the scope and seriousness of their arts coverage.
     It is difficult to the point of impossibility for the average reader under the age of forty to imagine a time when high-quality arts criticism could be found in most big-city newspapers. Yet a considerable number of the most significant collections of criticism published in the 20th century consisted in large part of newspaper reviews. To read such books today is to marvel at the fact that their learned contents were once deemed suitable for publication in general-circulation dailies.
     We are even farther removed from the unfocused newspaper reviews published in England between the turn of the 20th century and the eve of World War 2, at a time when newsprint was dirt-cheap and stylish arts criticism was considered an ornament to the publications in which it appeared. In those far-off days, it was taken for granted that the critics of major papers would write in detail and at length about the events they covered. Theirs was a serious business, and even those reviewers who wore their learning lightly, like George Bernard Shaw and Ernest Newman, could be trusted to know what they were about. These men believed in journalism as a calling, and were proud to be published in the daily press. 몷So few authors have brains enough or literary gift enough to keep their own end up in journalism,몸 Newman wrote, 몷that I am tempted to define 몵journalism몶 as 몵a term of contempt applied by writers who are not read to writers who are몶 .몸
	Unfortunately, these critics are virtually forgotten. Neville Cardus, who wrote for the Manchester Guardian from 1917 until shortly before his death in 1975, is now known solely as a writer of essays on the game of cricket. During his lifetime, though, he was also one of England's foremost classical-music critics, and a stylist so widely admired that his Autobiography (1947) became a best-seller. He was knighted in 1967, the first music critic to be so honored. Yet only one of his books is now in print, and his vast body of writings on music is unknown save to specialists.
   Is there any chance that Cardus's criticism will enjoy a revival? The prospect seems remote. Journalistic tastes had changed long before his death, and postmodern readers have little use for the richly upholstered Vicwardian prose in which he specialized. Moreover, the amateur tradition in music criticism has been in headlong retreat.
21. It is indicated in Paragraphs 1 and 2 that 
A. arts criticism has disappeared from big-city newspapers.
B. English-language newspapers used to carry more arts reviews.
C. high-quality newspapers retain a large body of readers.
D. young readers doubt the suitability of criticism on dailies.
22. Newspaper reviews in England before World War 2 were characterized by 
A. free themes.		B. casual style.       C. elaborate layout.      D. radical viewpoints.
23. Which of the following would Shaw and Newman most probably agree on?
A. It is writers' duty to fulfill journalistic goals.
B. It is contemptible for writers to be journalists.
C. Writers are likely to be tempted into journalism.
D. Not all writers are capable of journalistic writing몪
24. What can be learned about Cardus according to the last two paragraphs?
A. His music criticism may not appeal to readers today.
B. His reputation as a music critic has long been in dispute.
C. His style caters largely to modern specialists.
D. His writings fail to follow the amateur tradition.
25. What would be the best title for the text
A. Newspapers of the Good Old Days
B. The Lost Horizon in Newspapers
C. Mournful Decline of Journalism
D. Prominent Critics in Memory
2010 Text 2
모 Over the past decade, thousands of patents have seen granted for what are called business methods. Amazon.com received one for its 몷one-click몸 online payment system. Merrill Lynch got legal protection for an asset allocation strategy. One inventor patented a technique for lifting a box.
모모Now the nation몶s top patent court appears completely ready to scale back on business-method patents, which have been controversial ever since they were first authorized 10 years ago. In a move that has intellectual-property lawyers abuzz, the U.S Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit said it would use particular case to conduct a broad review of business-method patents. In re Bilski, as the case is known, is 몷a very big deal몸밃says Dennis D. Crouch of the University of Missouri School of Law. It 몷has the potential to eliminate an entire class of patents몸.
Curbs on business-method claims would be a dramatic about-face, because it was the Federal Circuit itself that introduced such patents with its 1998 decision in the so-called State Street Bank case, approving a patent on a way of pooling mutual-fund assets. That ruling produced an explosion in business-method patent filings, initially by emerging Internet companies trying to stake out exclusive rights to specific types of online transactions. Later, more established companies raced to add such patents to their files, if only as a defensive move against rivals that might beat them to the punch. In 2005, IBM noted in a court filing that it had been issued more than 300 business-method patents despite the fact that it questioned the legal basis for granting them. Similarly, some Wall Street investment films armed themselves with patents for financial products, even as they took positions in court cases opposing the practice.
모모The Bilski case involves a claimed patent on a method for hedging risk in the energy market. The Federal Circuit issued an unusual order stating that the case would be heard by all 12 of the court몶s judges, rather than a typical panel of three, and that one issue it wants to evaluate is whether it should 몷reconsider몸 its State Street Bank ruling몪
모모The Federal Circuit몶s action comes in the wake of a series of recent decisions by the Supreme Court that has narrowed the scope of protections for patent holders. Last April, for example, the justices signaled that too many patents were being upheld for 몷inventions몸 that are obvious. The judges on the Federal Circuit are 몷reacting to the anti-patent trend at the Supreme Court,몸 says Harold C. Wegner, a patent attorney and professor at Washington University Law School.
26. Business-method patents have recently aroused concern because of
모모A. their limited value to business                          B. their connection with asset allocation
모모C. the possible restriction on their granting          D. the controversy over authorization
27. Which of the following is true of the Bilski case?
모모A. Its ruling complies with the court decisions      B. It involves a very big business transaction
모모C. It has been dismissed by the Federal Circuit     D. It may change the legal practices in the U.S몪
28. The word 몷about-face몸 (Line 1, Para. 3) most probably means
모모A. loss of good will                           B. increase of hostility
모모C. change of attitude                     D. enhancement of dignity
29. We learn from the last two paragraphs that business-method patents
모모A. are immune to legal challenges                        B. are often unnecessarily issued
모모C. lower the esteem for patent holders                 D. increase the incidence of risks
30. Which of the following would be the subject of the text?
모모A. A looming threat to business-method patents
모모B. Protection for business-method patent holders
모모C. A legal case regarding business-method patents
모모D. A prevailing trend against business-method patents
2010 Text 3
모모In his book The Tipping Point, Malcolm Gladwell argues that social epidemics are driven in large part by the actions of a tiny minority of special individuals, often called influentials, who are unusually informed, persuasive, or well-connected. The idea is intuitively compelling but it doesn't explain how ideas actually spread. 
모모The supposed importance of influentials derives from a plausible-sounding but largely untested theory called the "two-step flow of communication". Information flows from the media to the influentials and from them to everyone else. Marketers have embraced the two-step flow became it suggests that if they can just find and influence the influentials, those select people will do most of the work for them. The theory also seems to explain the sudden and unexpected popularity of certain looks, brands, or neighborhoods. In many such cases, a cursory search for causes finds that some small group of people was wearing, promoting, or developing whatever it is before anyone else paid attention. Anecdotal evidence of this kind fits nicely with the idea that only certain special people can drive trends.
In their recent work, however, some researchers have come up with the finding that influentials have far less impact on social epidemics than is generally supposed. In fact, they don몶t seem to be required at all.
The researchers' argument stems from a simple observation about social influence: with the exception of a few celebrities like Oprah Winfrey몱whose outsize presence is primarily a function of media, not interpersonal, influence몱even the most influential members of a population simply don't interact with that many others. Yet it is precisely these non-celebrating influentials who, according to the two-step-flow theory, are supposed to drive social epidemics by influencing their friends and colleagues directly. For a social epidemic to occur, however, each person so affected must then influence his or her own acquaintances, who must in turn influence theirs and so on and just how many others pay attention to each of these people has little to do with the initial influential. If people in the network just two degrees removed from the initial influential prove resistant, for example, the cascade of change won't propagate very far or affect many people.
모모Building on this basic truth about interpersonal influence, the researchers studied the dynamics of social influence by conducting thousands of computer simulations of populations, manipulating a number of variables relating to people몶s ability to influence others and their tendency to be influenced. They found that the principal requirement for what we call 몷global cascades몸몱the widespread propagation of influence through networks몱is the presence not of a few influentials but, rather, of a critical mass of easily influenced people.
31. By citing the book The Tipping Point the author intends to
모모A. analyze the consequences of social epidemics
모모B. discuss influentials몶 function in spreading ideas
모모C. exemplify people몶s intuitive response to social epidemics
모모D. describe the essential characteristics of influentials
32. The author suggests that the 몷two-step-flow theory몸
모모A. serves as a solution to marketing problems
모모B. has helped explain certain prevalent trends
모모C. has won support from influentials
모모D. requires solid evidence for its validity
33. What the researchers have observed recently shows that
모모A. the power of influence goes with social interactions
모모B. interpersonal links can be enhanced through the media
모모C. influentials have more channels to reach the public
모모D. most celebrities enjoy wide media attention
34. The underlined phrase 몷these people몸 in paragraph 4 refers to the ones who
모모A. stay outside the network of social influence
모모B. have little contact with the source of influence
모모C. are influenced and then influence others
모모D. are influenced by the initial influential
35. What is the essential element in the dynamics of social influence?
모모A. The eagerness to be accepted                    B. The impulse to influence others
모모C. The readiness to be influenced                   D. The inclination to rely on others
2010 Text 4
모모Bankers have been blaming themselves for their troubles in public. Behind the scenes, they have been taking aim at someone else: the accounting standard-setters. Their rules, moan the banks, have forced them to report enormous losses, and it몶s just not fair. These rules say they must value some assets at the price a third party would pay, not the price managers and regulators would like them to fetch몪
Unfortunately, banks몶 lobbying now seems to be working. The details may be unknowable, but the independence of standard-setters, essential to the proper functioning of capital markets, is being compromised. And, unless banks carry toxic assets at prices that attract buyers, reviving the banking system will be difficult. 
After a bruising encounter with Congress, America몶s Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) rushed through rule changes. These gave banks more freedom to use models to value illiquid assets and more flexibility in recognizing losses on long-term assets in their income statement. Bob Herz, the FASB몶s chairman, cried out against those who 몷question our motives.몸 Yet bank shares rose and the changes enhance what one lobby group politely calls 몷the use of judgment by management.몸
모모European ministers instantly demanded that the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) do likewise. The IASB says it does not want to act without overall planning, but the pressure to fold when it completes its reconstruction of rules later this year is strong. Charlie McCreevy, a European commissioner, warned the IASB that it did 몷ot live in a political vacuum몸 but 몷in the real word몸 and the Europe could yet develop different rules.
모모It was banks that were on the wrong planet, with accounts that vastly overvalued assets. Today they argue that market prices overstate losses, because they largely reflect the temporary illiquidity of markets, not the likely extent of bad debts. The truth will not be known for years. But bank몶s shares trade below their book value, suggesting that investors are skeptical. And dead markets partly reflect the paralysis of banks which will not sell assets for fear of booking losses, yet are reluctant to buy all those supposed bargains.
모모To get the system working again, losses must be recognized and dealt with. America몶s new plan to buy up toxic assets will not work unless banks mark assets to levels which buyers find attractive. Successful markets require independent and even combative standard-setters. The FASB and IASB have been exactly that, cleaning up rules on stock options and pensions, for example, against hostility from special interests. But by giving in to critics now they are inviting pressure to make more concessions.
36. Bankers complained that they were forced to
모모A. follow unfavorable asset evaluation rules                  B. collect payments from third parties
모모C. cooperate with the price managers                          D. reevaluate some of their assets
37. According to the author, the rule changes of the FASB may result in
모모A. the diminishing role of management                 B. the revival of the banking system
모모C. the bank몶s long-term asset losses                   D. the weakening of its independence
38. According to Paragraph 4, McCreevy objects to the IASB몶s attempt to
모모A. keep away from political influences                   B. evade the pressure from their peers
모모C. act on their own in rule-setting                          D. take gradual measures in reform
39. The author thinks the banks were 몷on the wrong planet몸 in that they
모모A. misinterpreted market price indicators
모모B. exaggerated the real value of their assets
모모C. neglected the likely existence of bad debts
모모D. denied booking losses in their sale of assets
40. The author몶s attitude towards standard-setters is one of
모모A. satisfaction              B. skepticism        C. objectiveness          D. sympathy
Part B
Directions:
For Questions 41-45,choose the most suitable paragraphs from the first A-G and fill them into the numbered boxes to from a coherent text Paragraph E has been correctly placed. There is one paragraph which dose not fit in with the text. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET1. (10 points)
모모A. The first and more important is the consumer몶s growing preference for eating out; the consumption of food and drink in places other than homes has risen from about 32 percent of total consumption in 1995 to 35 percent in 2000 and is expected to approach 38 percent by 2005. This development is boosting wholesale demand from the food service segment by 4 to 5 percent a year Europe compared with growth in retail demand of 1 to 2 percent. Meanwhile as the recession is looming large, people are getting anxious. They tend to keep a tighter hold on their purse and consider eating at home a realistic alternative.
모모B. Retail sales of food and drink in Europe몶s largest markets are at a standstill, leaving European grocery retailers hungry for opportunities to grow. Most leading retailers have already tried e-commerce, with limit success, and expansion abroad. But almost all have ignored the big, profitable opportunity in their own backyard the wholesale food and drink trade, which appears to be just the kind of market retailers need.
모모C. Will such variations bring about a change in the overall structure of the food and drink market? Definitely not. The functioning of the market is based on flexible trends dominated by potential buyers. In other words, it is up to the buyer rather than the seller to decide what to buy. At any rate this change will ultimately be acclaimed by an ever-growing number of both domestic and international consumers regardless of how long the current consumer pattern will take hold몪
모모D. All in all, this clearly seems to be a market in which big retailers that master the intricacies of wholesaling in Europe may well expect to rake in substantial profits there by. At least, that is how it looks as a whole. Closer inspection reveals import differences among the biggest national markets, especially in their customer segments and wholesale structures, as well as the competitive dynamics of individual food and drink categories. Big retailers must understand these differences before they can identify the segments of European wholesaling in which particular abilities might unseat smaller but entrenched competitors. New skills and unfamiliar business models are needed too몪
모모E. Despite variations in detail, wholesale markets in the countries that have been closely examined몱France, Germany, Italy, and Spain몱are made out of same building blocks. Demand comes mainly from two sources: independent morn-and-pop grocery stores which, unlike large retail chains, are two small to buy straight from producers, and food service operators range from snack machines to large institutional catering ventures, but most of these businesses are known in the trade as 몷horeca몸밐hotels, restaurants, and cafes. Overall, Europe몶s retail wholesale market, but the figures, when added together, masks two opposing trends몪
모모F. For example, wholesale food and drink sales come to $268 billion in France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom in 2000-more than 40 percent of retail sales. Moreover, average overall margins are higher in wholesale than in retail; wholesale demand from the food service sector is growing quickly as more Europeans eat out more often; and changes in the competitive dynamics of this fragmented industry are at last making it feasible for wholesalers to considerate몪
모모G. However, none of these requirements should deter large retails and even some large good producers and existing wholesalers from trying their hand, for those that master the intricacies of wholesaling in Europe stand to reap considerable gains몪
Part C
Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese. Your translation should be written carefully on ANSWER SHEET 2. (10 Points)
모모One basic weakness in a conservation system based wholly one economic motives is that most members of the land community have no economic value. Yet these creatures are members of the biotic community and, if its stability depends on its intensity, they are entitled to continuance. 
모모When one of these noneconomic categories is threatened, and if we happen to love it, we invent excuses to give it economic importance. At the beginning of century songbirds were supposed to be disappearing. (46) Scientists jumped to the rescue with some distinctly shaky evidence to the effect the insects would eat us up if birds failed to control them. The evidence had to be economic in order to be valid. 
모모It is painful to read these roundabout accounts today. We have no land ethic yet, (47) but we have at least drawn near the point of admitting that birds should continue as a matter of intrinsic right regardless of the presence of absence of economic advantage to us. 
모모A parallel situation exists in respect of predatory mammals and fish-eating birds. (48) Time was when biologists somewhat over worded evidence that these creatures preserve the health of game by killing the physically weak or that they prey only on 몷worthless species몸. 
Some species of tree have been read out of the party by economic Cminded foresters they grow too slowly or have too low a sale vale to pay as timber crops. (49) In Europe, where forestry is ecologically more advanced ,the non-commercial tree species are recognized as members of native forest community, to be preserved as such, within reason. 
To sum up, a system of conservation based solely on economic self-interest is hopelessly lopsided. (50) It tends to ignore, and thus eventually to eliminate, many elements in the land community that lack commercial value, but that are essential to its healthy functioning. It assumes, falsely, I think, that the economic parts of the biotic clock will function without the uneconomic parts.
Section III Writing
Part A
51. Directions:
모모You are supposed to write for the postgraduate association a notice to recruit volunteers for an international conference on globalization, you should conclude the basic qualifications of applicants and the other information you think is relevant. 
모모You should write about 100 words. Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter. Use 몷postgraduate association" instead. 
Part B
52. Directions:
모모Write an essay of 160-200 words based on the following drawing. In your essay, you should
모모1)      describe the drawing briefly,
모모2)      explain its intended meaning, and then
모모3)      give your comments. 
모모You should write neatly on ANSHWER SHEET2.(20 points)
